which movies can be described by teenagers?	Kids, Ken Park, Kidulthood, Remember the Daze
what films are about 80s?	Big, Flashdance, Some Kind of Wonderful, The Monster Squad
what films can be described by juzo itami?	Tampopo, A Taxing Woman, The Funeral
which films can be described by artist?	Vicky Cristina Barcelona, Andrei Rublev, Basquiat, The Horse's Mouth
which movies are about wayne wang?	Smoke, The Joy Luck Club, Chan Is Missing
which films can be described by william s. burroughs?	Naked Lunch
which films are about clowns?	Killer Klowns from Outer Space, Shakes the Clown
which movies can be described by cary elwes?	Saw, Georgia Rule, The Crush, Hellgate
which films can be described by society?	Lost in Beijing
what movies can be described with sidney franklin?	The Good Earth, The Barretts of Wimpole Street, Private Lives, Smilin' Through, The Dark Angel
what films can be described by thomas haden church?	Spider-Man 3, Sideways, Smart People
what films are about guillermo del toro?	Pan's Labyrinth, Pacific Rim, Hellboy, Blade II, The Orphanage, The Devil's Backbone, Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, Mimic, Cronos
which films are about jim morrison?	The Doors
what movies can be described by jimmy smits?	Bless the Child
what films can be described by new zealand?	The Last Samurai, The Piano, Heavenly Creatures, The World's Fastest Indian, Bad Taste, Black Sheep, Whale Rider, What We Do in the Shadows, Once Were Warriors, The Quiet Earth, Fly Away Home, Meet the Feebles, Housebound, Boy, In My Father's Den, Forgotten Silver, An Angel at My Table, The Endless Summer, River Queen, The Devil Dared Me To
which films can be described by bill nighy?	Valkyrie, About Time, Flushed Away, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Wild Target, The Girl in the Café, I Capture the Castle
what films are about ramin bahrani?	Goodbye Solo, Chop Shop, Man Push Cart, Plastic Bag, 99 Homes
what films are about barbra streisand?	The Guilt Trip, Funny Girl, The Mirror Has Two Faces
what movies can be described by dave bautista?	Guardians of the Galaxy
which movies can be described by jack ryan?	The Hunt for Red October, The Sum of All Fears, Patriot Games, Clear and Present Danger
what movies can be described with derek cianfrance?	The Place Beyond the Pines, Blue Valentine
what movies can be described by social network?	The Social Network
which movies can be described by emma thompson?	Brave, Saving Mr. Banks, In the Name of the Father, Sense and Sensibility, Nanny McPhee, The Remains of the Day, Much Ado About Nothing, Primary Colors, Henry V, Dead Again, Howards End, Last Chance Harvey, Wit
what movies are about iggy pop?	Dead Man
what films can be described by british new wave?	Billy Liar, A Kind of Loving
which films can be described by wall street?	The Wolf of Wall Street, Margin Call
what movies can be described by jane fonda?	Monster-in-Law, Barbarella, On Golden Pond, Georgia Rule, The China Syndrome, Klute, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, Cat Ballou, Coming Home, Julia, Agnes of God, Spirits of the Dead
which films can be described by travel?	Into the Wild, Up in the Air
which movies can be described by chefs?	Ratatouille
what movies are about dudley moore?	Arthur, 10, Crazy People, Unfaithfully Yours
which movies can be described by 1.5?	The Confessional
which movies are about seijun suzuki?	Branded to Kill, Tokyo Drifter, Gate of Flesh, Youth of the Beast, Story of a Prostitute
which movies can be described by mark herman?	Brassed Off, Little Voice
what movies are about franklin j. schaffner?	Planet of the Apes, Papillon, Patton, The Boys from Brazil, Nicholas and Alexandra, The Best Man, The War Lord
Bad Company, when was it released?	2002
what year was the film Actrices released?	2007
what was the release date of the film The Last Days of Pompeii?	1935
when was the film Monkey Shines released?	1988
when was the movie 99 River Street released?	1953
when was the film Big Jim McLain released?	1952
what year was the movie Good People released?	2014
what was the release date of the movie The Savages?	2007
what was the release year of Family Weekend?	2013
what was the release date of the film Trash Humpers?	2009
what was the release year of Hopscotch?	1980
the movie Just Buried, when was it released?	2007
